# Directory/File Structure.

This section explains the structure of the current project directory.

<br>

The following is the current project directory layout:

```bash
./
├── assets/
├── bootstrap/
├── dist/
├── docs/
├── .git/
├── mainJs/
├── node_modules/
├── rendererJs/
├── styles/
├── .gitignore
├── index.html
├── main.js
├── package.json
├── package-lock.json
├── README.md
└── yarn.lock
```

> [!NOTE]
> tree -a -L 1 -F --dirsfirst

## Table of Contents

- [assets/](#assets)
- [bootstrap/](#bootstrap)
- [dist/](#dist)
- [docs/](#docs)
- [mainJs/](#mainjs)
- [rendererJs/](#rendererjs)
- [styles/](#styles)

<br>

## assets/

This directory is where most media assets should be placed. It is recommended, though not
strictly required, that image assets be in SVG format.

As of 2024-09-13, it contains two subdirectories:

```bash
assets/
├── icon/
└── svg/
```

> [!NOTE]
> tree -a -L 1 -F --dirsfirst assets/

The **icon/** directory is specifically for designing the project's icons. The **svg/**
directory contains all SVG files needed for the project's UI.

<br>

## bootstrap/

The **bootstrap/** directory contains all Bootstrap-related files. As of 2024-09-13, the
version used is **v5.3.3**.

<br>

## dist/

The **dist/** directory contains the build files generated by Electron Builder. To reduce
the repository size, this directory is included in **.gitignore**.

<br>

## docs/

This is the documentation directory. All documentation should be placed here, preferably
in Markdown format.

<br>

## mainJs/

This directory contains all of the Node.js files needed for the application's **main**
process.

<br>

## rendererJs/

This directory contains all the JavaScript files used in the application's **renderer**
process (browser view).

As of 2024-09-13, the current files and subdirectories are:

```bash
rendererJs/
├── contextMenu/
├── modules/
├── sidebar/
├── statusbar/
├── topbar/
└── renderer.js
```

> [!NOTE]
> tree -a -L 1 -F --dirsfirst rendererJs

The **renderer.js** file is the main JavaScript file where all of the application's event
listeners and IPC for renderer process are placed. The **modules/** directory is for
JavaScript files that cannot be grouped by UI components. The remaining directories
contain JavaScript modules grouped by their respective UI components.

<br>

## styles/

This directory contains all custom CSS files. These are files that cannot be
implemented using Bootstrap.

